Miss Xu
You want to clear the streets with me so soon?
Didn't Mr. Shen warn me that I couldn't tell you otherwise?
Mr. Shen's means are high, I dare not test you
Don't worry, you still have a little value to me for the time being.
Outside.
I'll give you enough face
It seems that Mr. Shen
This is to remind me to live up to my value
Go ahead.
I still understand the principle of equivalent exchange
Song Man has gone to my old man's side
I need an excuse
To block me and his foundation
How do you want me to cooperate?
Get a certificate from me
That's... That's part of the deal
I've never been able to do things backwards
They are all fiancées
How about doing something?
dare
Mr. Shen is not afraid of what I am afraid of
I went to my aunt's house to get the account book
Your aunt he
Last time I was kicked out by him on purpose.
The documents and things were deliberately withheld by him
I'll go with you.
You can't come back alone, no need